README.md, before:

# Reproduction Centuri Logo

A [Fusion360](https://www.autodesk.com/products/fusion-360/overview) CAD drawing of a Centuri logo.

-----

Centuri was a video arcade game manufacturer which produced and licensed arcade machines in the 1980's. The company eventually became insolvant and closed it's doors. It is not clear who owns the rights to the Centuri trademarks to this day.

As an arcade enthusiast, I wanted to build a reproduction Centuri Track & Field cocktail cabinet. Real cabinets had a metal Centuri logo on the coin door. Unfortunately, nobody made reproductions of these logos.

Consequently, I took it upon myself to create a reproduction of my own, and that is the content contained within this repository.

With the help of the owners of authentic Centuri machines, I used [Inkscape](https://inkscape.org/en/) (vector graphics software) to generate an SVG rendering, which I then imported into [Fusion360](https://www.autodesk.com/products/fusion-360/overview) (CAD software). I was then able to convert the rendering into a 3d image and have it 3d printed and finally milled from a billet of aluminum or some other suitable metal or alloy.

I want the rest of the arcade community to benefit from my efforts, so I'm open-sourcing this design and placing it here.

I believe the measurements to be accurate, but my rendering is designed to fit into my Wells Gardner "pinball style" coin door, which I acquired from [Twisted Quarter](http://www.twistedquarter.com).

Let it be known, that these designs need some tweaking for my purposes, but at the request of the community, I'm placing the drawings as they currently stand in this repository. My hope is that others will contribute and refine the design.

Due to the unknown owner and status of the Centuri trademarks, I have not placed any sort of open source license on this logo out of fear of legal retribution. While I generated the initial drawings, I have no claim to the rights of the logo they represent. There is not (nor should there be) any monetary gains to be made by utilizing these works.

## More Information
* Visit my blog about my projects at [classicarcadeprojects.com](https://www.classicarcadeprojects.com/?utm_source=github&utm_medium=repository&utm_content=group&utm_campaign=community)
* Arcade Museum thread about the process [https://forums.arcade-museum.com/showthread.php?t=390599](https://forums.arcade-museum.com/showthread.php?t=390599)

Commit message:

Add import help link to readme

README.md, after:

# Reproduction Centuri Logo

A [Fusion360](https://www.autodesk.com/products/fusion-360/overview) CAD drawing of a Centuri logo.

[Instructions on how to import the file into Fusion360](https://knowledge.autodesk.com/support/fusion-360/troubleshooting/caas/sfdcarticles/sfdcarticles/How-to-import-or-open-a-file-in-Autodesk-Fusion-360.html)

-----

Centuri was a video arcade game manufacturer which produced and licensed arcade machines in the 1980's. The company eventually became insolvant and closed it's doors. It is not clear who owns the rights to the Centuri trademarks to this day.

As an arcade enthusiast, I wanted to build a reproduction Centuri Track & Field cocktail cabinet. Real cabinets had a metal Centuri logo on the coin door. Unfortunately, nobody made reproductions of these logos.

Consequently, I took it upon myself to create a reproduction of my own, and that is the content contained within this repository.

With the help of the owners of authentic Centuri machines, I used [Inkscape](https://inkscape.org/en/) (vector graphics software) to generate an SVG rendering, which I then imported into [Fusion360](https://www.autodesk.com/products/fusion-360/overview) (CAD software). I was then able to convert the rendering into a 3d image and have it 3d printed and finally milled from a billet of aluminum or some other suitable metal or alloy.

I want the rest of the arcade community to benefit from my efforts, so I'm open-sourcing this design and placing it here.

I believe the measurements to be accurate, but my rendering is designed to fit into my Wells Gardner "pinball style" coin door, which I acquired from [Twisted Quarter](http://www.twistedquarter.com).

Let it be known, that these designs need some tweaking for my purposes, but at the request of the community, I'm placing the drawings as they currently stand in this repository. My hope is that others will contribute and refine the design.

Due to the unknown owner and status of the Centuri trademarks, I have not placed any sort of open source license on this logo out of fear of legal retribution. While I generated the initial drawings, I have no claim to the rights of the logo they represent. There is not (nor should there be) any monetary gains to be made by utilizing these works.

## More Information
* Visit my blog about my projects at [classicarcadeprojects.com](https://www.classicarcadeprojects.com/?utm_source=github&utm_medium=repository&utm_content=group&utm_campaign=community)
* Arcade Museum thread about the process [https://forums.arcade-museum.com/showthread.php?t=390599](https://forums.arcade-museum.com/showthread.php?t=390599)
